feat(mechanics): Added 3 optional settings in gamerules.txt, (#11261)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gamerules.txt

	# DEFAULT: 1000 (1000 days)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any integer >= 0.
	"depreciation max age" 1000
	

> 	# Here you can set a global minimum departure distance instead of changing all systems individually.

Reviewer: Bringing this in line with the other gamerule descriptions.
```suggestion
	# The minimum departure distance for all systems. If a system has no defined departure distance
	# or a departure distance less than this value, this value will be used instead.
```

	# DEFAULT: 0 (no minimum)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any integer >= 0.
	"system departure min" 0
	

> 	# Here you can set a global minimum arrival distance instead of changing all systems individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# The minimum arrival distance for all systems. If a system has no defined arrival distance
	# or an arrival distance less than this value, this value will be used instead.
```

	# DEFAULT: 0 (no minimum)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any integer >= 0.
	"system arrival min" 0
	
	# Here you can set a global spawn rate multiplier to change the fleet rates of all systems.
	# DEFAULT: 1.0 (no changes)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any float >= 0.

> 	"fleet multiplier" 1.0

Reviewer: "Fleet multiplier" implies that this variable multiplies the spawn rate of fleets, such that a `"fleet multiplier"` of 2 will double the number of fleets. Either rename this variable to something else, like `"fleet period multiplier"` and update the description accordingly, or instead divide the fleet period by this number.

	# DEFAULT: 1000 (1000 days)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any integer >= 0.
	"depreciation max age" 1000
	

> 	# The minimum departure distance for all systems.

Reviewer: For gamerules, it's better to err on the side of caution and thoroughly explain what the gamerule does, especially since the effect of arrival distance isn't immediately obvious and departure distance is only used for a handful of systems in the entire game.
```suggestion
	# The minimum departure distance for all systems. A ship can only jump out of a system if
	# it is further from the system center than the departure distance. If a system has a
	# defined departure distance greater than this value, that value will be used instead.
```

	# DEFAULT: 0 (no minimum)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any float >= 0.

> 	"system departure min" 0.0

Reviewer: Standard formatting is `0.` for non-integer 0 values.
```suggestion
	"system departure min" 0.
```

> 	# The minimum arrival distance for all systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# The minimum arrival distance for all systems. Ships entering a system will exit hyperspace
	# this distance away from their landing target, or the system center if no landing target
	# is selected. If a system has a defined arrival distance greater than this value,
	# that value will be used instead.
```

	# DEFAULT: 0 (no minimum)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any float >= 0.

> 	"system arrival min" 0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"system arrival min" 0.
```

> 	# Here you can set a global spawn rate multiplier to change the fleet rates of all systems.
> 	# A value of 2.0 means double the normal npc fleet spawns, a value of 0.5 means half as many npc fleets spawn

Reviewer: "NPC" is redundant with fleet spawns.
```suggestion
	# The global fleet spawn rate multiplier. A value of 2.0 means twice as many random fleets spawn
	# in all systems, while a value of 0.5 means half as many fleets spawn.
```

	# DEFAULT: 1000 (1000 days)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any integer >= 0.
	"depreciation max age" 1000
	
	# The minimum departure distance for all systems. A ship can only jump out of a system if
	# it is further from the system center than the departure distance. If a system has a
	# defined departure distance greater than this value, that value will be used instead.
	# DEFAULT: 0 (no minimum)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any value >= 0.
	"system departure min" 0.
	
	# The minimum arrival distance for all systems. Ships entering a system will exit hyperspace
	# this distance away from their landing target, or the system center if no landing target
	# is selected. If a system has a defined arrival distance greater than this value,
	# that value will be used instead.
	# DEFAULT: 0 (no minimum)
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any value >= 0.
	"system arrival min" 0.
	
	# The global fleet spawn rate multiplier. A value of 2.0 means twice as many random fleets spawn
	# in all systems, while a value of 0.5 means half as many fleets spawn.
	# DEFAULT: 1.0 (no changes)

> 	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any value > 0.001

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any value >= 0.
```

> 	"fleet multiplier" 1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"fleet multiplier" 1.
```
